# Scenarios
I'm using cat/creature words to mean AI agent.

### Scenario 1
A uni student has trouble concentrating, to study for their math exams.
They takes their DayDreamer and starts typing.
The Cat welcomes them into the note and senses their struggles, so it asks:
"I feel like you're not 100% in shape. What's wrong?"
The uni student sees this and keeps writing, developing on their struggles.
To which the cat explains focus methods that the uni student can apply.

### Scenario 2
When James received his new DayDreamer, he pressed the ON button.
He discovers a tiny disoriented creature that appears confused. It's sitting and curiously observing at the bottom right part of the screen.
When James finishes writing his first text, the creature absorbs the data he just inputed. With time and with regular user input, the creature becomes more defined.

### Scenario 3
Alexia turns the DayDreamer on every morning to write about her routine.
When the creature recognises patterns from earlier notes, it creates a constellation/map to connect these entries.

### Scenario 4
Leyla always moves with her DayDreamer around, as she caries it in her bag.
When she goes out sunbathing, she always gets out her DayDreamer in order to take notes in a peaceful environment like her usual park downtown.
The DayDreamer senses a change in environment and the creature starts collecting environmental cues that it freezes it in the current note.
The creature also starts acting differently, unlocking new animations.

### Scenario 5
Sheila

# Key Things to Address
- Data relationship
- AI Presence (Balance)
- Interface Integration (separate or integrated)